docs: clarify namespace isolation (#2950)
emqtt/emq-docs-cn: en_US/multi-tenancy/namespace-quick-start.md

# Quick Start: Experience Namespaces

This section guides you through using the [MQTTX client](https://mqttx.app) to connect to EMQX and quickly experience the core capabilities of the namespace feature: tenant identification, client isolation, and topic isolation.

## Enable the `tns` Attribute for Namespace Identification

> 1. First, configure a client attribute in `emqx.conf` to extract the namespace (tenant identifier) from the username:

Author: base.hocon

> 1. First, configure a client attribute in `emqx.conf` to extract the namespace (tenant identifier) from the username:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. First, configure a client attribute in `base.hocon` to extract the namespace (tenant identifier) from the username:
```

   ```
   mqtt.client_attrs_init = [{expression = "nth(1, tokens(username, '-'))", set_as_attr = tns}]
   ```

   > Example: If a client connects with the username `tenantA-user1`, EMQX will extract `tenantA` as the namespace (`tns`).

   Alternatively, you can configure this in the Dashboard:

   <img src="./assets/enable_namespace.png" alt="enable_namespace" style="zoom:67%;" />

2. Create an MQTT client connection using MQTTX, simulating tenant `tenantA`, and set the username to `tenantA-user1`. Connect the client to EMQX.

3. Go to the **Namespace** page in the Dashboard and disable the **View Explicitly Created Namespace Only** toggle. You should see the automatically created namespace `tenantA`.

   Click **Clients** in the **Actions** column to view the client connected to this namespace.

   ![namespace_client](./assets/namespace_client.png)

## Configure and Verify Namespace Isolation

> 1. To isolate client IDs and topics between namespaces, add the following configuration to `emqx.conf`:

Author: base.hocon

> 1. To isolate client IDs and topics between namespaces, add the following configuration to `emqx.conf`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To isolate client IDs and topics between namespaces, add the following configuration to `base.hocon`:
```
